d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\appsettings.Development.json
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\appsettings.json
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Properties\launchSettings.json
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.exe
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\staticwebassets\BmsWeb.StaticWebAssets.Manifest.cache
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\staticwebassets\BmsWeb.StaticWebAssets.xml
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.TagHelpers.input.cache
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.TagHelpers.output.cache
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Home\Index.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Home\Privacy.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Google.Protobuf.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\MySql.Data.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Ubiety.Dns.Core.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Renci.SshNet.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SshNet.Security.Cryptography.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Drawing.Common.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Xml.XPath.XmlDocument.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp3.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp3.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp3.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netstandard2.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Language.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Razor.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Contracts.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Core.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\dotnet-aspnet-codegenerator-design.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Templating.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Utils.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGenerators.Mvc.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.Convention.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.deps.json
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.runtimeconfig.json
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.runtimeconfig.dev.json
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.pdb
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.Views.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.Views.pdb
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Debug.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.Views.pdb
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.pdb
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\net_mvc\net_core\BmsWeb(.net core 3.1)\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\BMS_Module\Index.cshtml.g.cs
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\appsettings.Development.json
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\appsettings.json
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Properties\launchSettings.json
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\app.config
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.exe
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.dll.config
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.deps.json
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.runtimeconfig.json
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.runtimeconfig.dev.json
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.pdb
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.Views.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.Views.pdb
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Google.Protobuf.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Language.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Razor.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Debug.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Contracts.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Core.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\dotnet-aspnet-codegenerator-design.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Templating.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Utils.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGenerators.Mvc.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\MySql.Data.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Ubiety.Dns.Core.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Renci.SshNet.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SshNet.Security.Cryptography.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.Convention.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Drawing.Common.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Xml.XPath.XmlDocument.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp3.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp3.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp3.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netstandard2.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\staticwebassets\BmsWeb.StaticWebAssets.Manifest.cache
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\staticwebassets\BmsWeb.StaticWebAssets.xml
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.AssemblyInfo.cs
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.TagHelpers.input.cache
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.TagHelpers.output.cache
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\BMS_Module\Index.cshtml.g.cs
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.cshtml.g.cs
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_CookieConsentPartial.cshtml.g.cs
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.g.cs
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.cshtml.g.cs
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.cshtml.g.cs
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.cshtml.g.cs
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.Views.pdb
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.dll
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.pdb
D:\Users\user\Desktop\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\app.config
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\appsettings.Development.json
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\appsettings.json
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Properties\launchSettings.json
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.exe
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.dll.config
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.deps.json
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.runtimeconfig.json
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.runtimeconfig.dev.json
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.pdb
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.Views.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.Views.pdb
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Google.Protobuf.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Language.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Razor.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Debug.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Contracts.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Core.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\dotnet-aspnet-codegenerator-design.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Templating.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Utils.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGenerators.Mvc.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\MySql.Data.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Ubiety.Dns.Core.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Renci.SshNet.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\SshNet.Security.Cryptography.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.Convention.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Drawing.Common.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\System.Xml.XPath.XmlDocument.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp3.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp3.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp3.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\runtimes\win\lib\netstandard2.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\staticwebassets\BmsWeb.StaticWebAssets.Manifest.cache
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\staticwebassets\BmsWeb.StaticWebAssets.xml
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.TagHelpers.input.cache
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.TagHelpers.output.cache
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\BMS_Module\Index.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Home\About.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Home\Contact.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Home\Index.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Home\Privacy.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_CookieConsentPartial.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.Views.pdb
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.dll
d:\Users\youhao\Desktop\新增資料夾 (2)\net_mvc_study\net_core\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\BmsWeb\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\BmsWeb.pdb
